docs(js): Update Extended Configuration pages for stream mode (#17879)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/javascript/common/configuration/apis.mdx

});
```

  <Expandable title='What is the difference to `beforeSend`, `beforeSendTransaction`, and `beforeSendSpan`?'>
    `beforeSend`, `beforeSendTransaction`, and `beforeSendSpan` are guaranteed to be run last, after all other event processors, (which means they get the final version of the event right before it's sent, hence the name). Event processors added with `addEventProcessor` are run in an undetermined order, which means changes to the event may still be made after the event processor runs.

>     There can only be a single `beforeSend` / `beforeSendTransaction` / `beforeSendSpan` processor, but you can add multiple event processors via `addEventProcessor()`.

Reviewer: m: Event processors have no effect on spans anymore. Realizing I forgot to mention this earlier, sorry! Previously, transactions went through event processors (since they're technically of type `Event`, like errors). Spans no longer do this and there'S no user-facing replacement. So users should always use `beforeSendSpan` instead.

Suggestion (but feel free to word differently): 

```suggestion
    There can only be a single `beforeSend` / `beforeSendTransaction` / `beforeSendSpan` callback, but you can add multiple event processors via `addEventProcessor()`.
    
    If you're using <PlatformLink to="/tracing/new-spans/">span stream mode</PlatformLink>, event processors are not applied to spans. Use `beforeSendSpan` instead.
```

Author: Thanks for the info -- I've updated this section accordingly

## Tracing

<Alert>

If you're using <PlatformLink to="/tracing/new-spans/">stream mode</PlatformLink>, the Tracing APIs work the same way unless noted otherwise.

> </Alert>

Reviewer: q: does it make sense to call this out? If nothing works differently except for something we'd call out, I wonder if we need this note? WDYT?

Author: Yes, you are right! 👍

        { name: 'attributes', type: 'Record<string, string | number | boolean | null | undefined>', description: 'Attributes to add to the span.' },
        { name: 'startTime', type: 'number', description: 'The timestamp to use for the span start. If not provided, the current time will be used.' },
        { name: 'op', type: 'string', description: 'The operation name for the span. This is used to group spans in the UI' },

>         { name: 'forceTransaction', type: 'boolean', description: 'If true, the span will be forced to be sent as a transaction, even if it is not the root span. \n// Not available in stream mode. Use `parentSpan: null` instead to make this span show up as service span.' },

Author: Adding "\n" like this works, but I am not sure if it's "allowed" ;)
```
        { ... description: 'If true,... \n// Not available in stream mode. Use `parentSpan: null` instead to make this span show up as service span.' },
```

Reviewer: I think this is fine ... it works :D

These utilities can be used for more advanced tracing use cases.

> <SdkApi name="spanToJSON" signature="function spanToJSON(span: Span): SpanJSON | StreamedSpanJSON">

Reviewer: h: this isn't fully correct. `spanToJSON` always returns a `SpanJSON`. So if users use it (for whatever reason), they'll always get the `SpanJSON` format, regardless of tracing mode.

Can we instead
- Document `spanToStreamedSpanJSON` underneath instead 
- "Recommend" that users use `spanToStreamedSpanJSON` instead? It's not required though (see note below)

(fwiw, changing from `spanToJSON` to `spanToStreamedSpanJSON` isn't a  required migration which is why I didn't mention it in pervious convos: Users can only use this API to _read_ from a `Span` instance. They can't use it to change span data anyway (or rather, the changes to the returned object have no effect). In that case, they just read stuff in the old format which works regardless of the tracing mode)

Once our SDK fully removes transaction support (not planned for the short term), we'll remove this API but until then, it can stay.

Author: Updated `spanToJSON` and documented `spanToStreamedSpanJSON` underneath. 
Let me know if this doesn't look right to you!

Reviewer: Thanks, sounds good to me. Short and precise :D
